DOC-8267 -- Document Release 2.8.2 (#431)
couchbaselabs/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/common-releasenotes.adoc

// END DO NOT REMOVE

[#lbl-rel282]
== Release 2.8.2 (March 2021)
// ====
// <<new-features-282>> *|* <<improvements-282>> *|* <<issues-and-resolutions-282>>
// ====
// tag::feature-highlights-282[]
// tag::new-282-all[]

[#new-features-282]
// === New Features

// tag::features-282[]
// Metrics REST API::
// end::features-282[]
// end::new-282-all[]
// end::feature-highlights-282[]

[#improvements-282]
// tag::other-enhancements-282[]
// tag::other-enhancements-highlights-282[]
// end::other-enhancements-highlights-282[]
// end::other-enhancements-282[]

[#issues-and-resolutions-282]
=== Issues and Resolutions
// tag::issue-resolutions-282[]

// tag::issue-resolutions-summary-282[]

> Release 2.8.2 fixes an issue that could lead to a loop when creating mobile tombstone for existing Couchbase Server tombstones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release 2.8.2 fixes an issue that could result in a loop when creating a mobile tombstone, if a Couchbase Server tombstone already exists for that key.
```

> Release 2.8.2 fixes an issue that could result in a loop when creating a mobile tombstone, if a Couchbase Server tombstone already exists for that key.

Reviewer 2: maybe, "...could result in Sync Gateway going into an infinite loop when creating..."

Author: addressed https://github.com/couchbase/docs-sync-gateway/pull/431/commits/8c2661e7f7a1bfc73c8589f823688d2873196d76
